what's up my kids today I'm going to
tell you about a topic that you've asked me a
lot about last night both by email and on
instagram you've lent it to me anything goes it
's a topic that I think needs to be
treated quite seriously and it is
a controversy but it's a rumor this
time the one he's involved in is
youtube luisito comunica what's visited comunica I
want to clarify that I'm not a fan of
his I don't know him at all it hasn't been
his videos but I say that I know about him I
like him in the two or three times that I've
seen him I know him because he's collaborated
with aura with win michu and all that and take a
look at his videos and a god he
transmits very good vibes and how good that
doesn't mean by any means that he
's a saint and that he doesn't make mistakes
like the rest of us do it all
starts with this photo that
luisito comunica tweets in which you can see his
face is very haggard you can't see any dark circles he
looks bad in general not too
careful with this individual please it's
a photo of anyone we couldn't
take on a sunday morning after having
gone out  partying on Saturday don't
do programs with that photo like when it's
a photo of the ID not the
identity card that comes out it's very ugly you don't
come out like that and says oh I appear a
terrorist from this photo no well that's
his tweet
to which suddenly a girl on
twitter
hits bat and starts tweeting some things
accusing the bi of having gone out with him
partying well having been with him
implies that she has been out with him partying
and that Huila treated her very badly veritas and
then he invites them out to the bottom of the class
and leaves them lying in a bar in the city
at two in the morning take I already said it
well we see that they are pretty
strong accusations it blows my ovaries that
there are guys in the scene who are
artists who are walker and you remember
all the [ __ ] they did to you or
the [ __ ] I don't forget that you
made fun of my weight and you read trias to me
even though right now you are a
feminist feminist is a new word that
aggravate or include in the rae no
apparently no longer that ally  feminist or
well or feminist as such no, this is
over feminisms the new thing and you
love that looking good I don't
forget that you were so macho that when it
suited you you could choose other girls
and we were nothing but watch out that I
was flirting with another guy
because betrayal
xd it's not x that takes away all total
seriousness from the
matter when I was 18 3 years ago he
invited me to go out to pink zones we
started I woke up hours later on a
bus and that guy had already blocked me
[ __ ] what a cut you chose girl to
wake up in another place and not remember
anything okay I'm [ __ ] cut
in I'm a guy who when I was
young I would go out from Wednesday to
Saturday and I would get an
impressive excuse and I never fell asleep
anywhere or lost consciousness
or done things, I could do things
that I may regret because maybe
when you're drunk your mind shoots you
and you think in a different way no
and you think that everything is wonderful what do I know
no  what we were talking about the other day don't
you because if you cut yourself in the videos instead
of hurting it would be your fingers that would break
a rum and coke no but anyway to
continue with this topic although you always
asked me for the money that my mom sent me
to eat for your [ __ ] and they paid me
until my ball swelled lol
stealing money from a 18 year old girl at
27 they lick each other this would be vitalizing
a lot
we are seeing some very
strong accusations no and it is that this girl with a big
age difference with Luisito but not
under the age of 18 legally total it is
assumed second she says that she met
Luisito that she met him through the
digital network she did not meet him in person they
were partying in those drinks it could
be there is the possibility that there were
other influencers who were
witnesses of the situation from what she says there were
no artists present and such no I
also do not understand very well how she
spoke she speaks to these girls in a
rather immature way I assume it
will be because of her age and that's it but it
takes away a lot of seriousness from the matter you
know it's a little bit the  look a little bit
for the case that they were in a place where they
were drinking a lot and
apparently with the girl there
comes a time when she goes crazy
with the drink she falls asleep
somewhere and when she wakes up she's in another
place
Luisito Comunica is not with her and
when she goes to contact him it turns out that he
has blocked her from all the networks
[Music] it
would be very ugly I don't feel it were true I don't
know what truth that it would be very ugly if you
went out with a girl that you have arranged to meet
with her and yes it is true that
girls are old enough to go to the
place as well as to drink whatever she wants, I mean
she is an adult in quotes
although at 18 we still have
very crazy heads but you are not
responsible for an 18 year old girl she
is old enough to decide to drink alcohol you
know and if she has had too much to drink but
well at least you take a
taxi with her and accompany her home or
whatever and lord before the girl is
sure what happens is that on this occasion we
only have her version we do not
have Luisito's version nor do I believe it I do
not think he will speak out  luisito
about this well if he speaks out what he
does is give more hype to the subject so I
think that luisito is not going to leave, he is not going to
mention this subject we do not
know what version could have been that
the girl was a crazy fan not in love
with him a fanatic who stayed with him or
even followed him
because he was nice he was with her for a
while and that the girl got super drunk
and that he got it and said I [ __ ] on the
host you call yourself annoying and he got it
blocked from the networks we do not know
okay I am not going to defend neither one nor the
other yes it is true that normally
but normally not yes it is true that I
always tend to support the victims and I
always tend to be on their side but the thing is that
in this case the girl loses a lot of
seriousness both in the way she writes and
the expressions she uses as in
the way she behaves on twitter that
now you are going to see not like the [ __ ]
became trending topics my hands are sweating
from anxiety I want to cry like
a [ __ ] [ __ ] final and a lot of macho me
and telling me [ __ ] that's why I did not
report it either  when I did get raped I had no
proof years went by and no one was going to
believe me what a [ __ ] lazy world this [ __ ] world
take a screenshot because I need to
do homework and I'm going to go private
haha well here what I mean not
the way of expressing yourself the behavior
very crazy very crazy very immature even
at her age I see this behavior as the
best for a 12 or 13 year old girl
the thing is that you can't just go and
throw such strong accusations okay
and put the account on private and - what she
did after that after it was done
and in the end she didn't just make it
private but she ran and closed the
twitter account this seems
incredible to me here I also see that
a misunderstanding is beginning because if
you notice it says that's why I didn't report
when I was raped and people and
people who are starting to take things
lightly without analyzing the
situations well are saying that this girl
is referring to Luisito Comunica in
terms of rape and in terms of rape she
is not referring to Luisito Comunica
because she says that's why she doesn't report either  I reported it
when I was raped there is a lot of
fuss as usual twitter is
divided in two people supporting her girl
and it is people supporting him instinct communicates
the people who support girls are
wanting a story
only having one version they are playing games
only having one version if they give the
benefit of the doubt to the other guy
and the people who are supporting him
are also blind because you can't get to
know him on youtube see his
videos I
repeat I have said it many times we
here on youtube show about ourselves what we
want to be seen I don't know if I take off
and hit my dog or hit my
father with a sweaty sock I will never
show you that I will show you how
fun I am how funny I am and
how good I am no although that is
impossible to hide but never believe
that you know someone by what you see in
the videos I mean that is [ __ ]
and I insist do not judge because if all of
twitter were to take the girl's side
and suddenly the tag is the teddy bear
communicates such a popular character with  so
many millions of followers as a
rapist or as an abuser that label
no matter how much it is later proven to be
false will
always remain and you know it was always
rumored that he was an abuser rumored
that they were we are ugly that they have you
linked to words like those it is quite
unpleasant I have been accused on
a few occasions of things that are
false and I appreciate when I sent the
benefit of the doubt
well the girls in a few hours have
reopened twitter to clarify
some things ok I am opening my
account only to clarify all this
mess I do not have the slightest need to
receive all the attention that is but is
receiving but oh well to kimba
luisito communicates he did not rape me or make fun
of my body if they had read the
responses to the tweet about the artists
walker they would have read that the guy already
approached to apologize clearly I am not
talking about Louis okay I had
understood that part videos have
clarified before no what I do believe is that
the one who messed with his physique was one of
the people that they influencer or
perhaps well-known people from the world of
youtube
the one who will be broadcast with his physique  although she
later apologized when I said three
years even tweet because we in
2016 is because right now I'm 21 and at that
time I was 18 it seemed crazy to me to
count 3 years and not two and eight months those
tweets where I am accused of sympathizing
with my aggression in quotes are the
beginning of everyone I had not met
Louis in person those three that she
refers to are what we are seeing on
the screens where we are seeing the
girl interact with Louis in 2016 okay so
everyone went after
the girl saying that she was
lying because it was being said that
Louis blocked her three years ago after
leaving her drunk in a bar
how did those tweets exist
then the girl is clarifying
that those tweets were just when they
started talking and that as a result of that
tweet Luisito contacted her to meet her
were it is obstructing those that made
Louis look for me and contact me on
Instagram yes to chile I regret
having opened my mouth because my name
and my image  is being used
to say things that never came out of
my mouth and of course the benefit of
the doubt even Louis deserves it and if they
want to love me or him it's worth it I won't
fight it if I said what I said it was to
warn my followers of a possible
risk I never said abuser or rapist
ever I was not given the scope of my word
and look if they are going to call him a fool and
unfaithful I think there is a lot of testimony
but let it be clear that I
never submitted judgment if the king abused
people unconsciously or not well
after this there were also other
people accusing visited comunica of
having seen him at clubs
cheating on his girlfriend like
for example this one was reading about the
different comunica and a few months ago you
saw me frame and I went to a club and we
met rick and juca luisito was
kind and nice to everyone who
asked him for photos after a while they were
drunk drunk not so that he would
understand later if he kisses girls and
cheats on the chick well this doesn't have to
be a lie maybe it is  the
common visitor and that supports a naughty one is very
party-loving and when he goes too far with the
bow then maybe he does things that he may
later regret but I
repeat I have made some tweets
nothing they are just the words of some
anonymous people against the word of
nobody because as for Luisito Communicate I do not believe I do
not believe that it is produced on this
subject and if he speaks out it is because the
media has already given it too much hype and they
see the need
Luisito Communicate other occasions that have
been to accuse him of bots and other
things other things on the internet if he has
answered okay but in this
very ugly accusation is that I repeat being a
public person it is so so ugly and so
unpleasant to be related with
words like abuser rapist minor
then you know it is very ugly it is very
unpleasant to go through that but I repeat
benefits of the doubt always okay
kids never play until we
have both versions okay then yes yes we
have to hit whoever it is we will
give them but right now we do
not know anything
see you soon ma'am